A welcome back.
So this section is a big one.
Really exciting stuff.
I mean exciting is relative.
We are you know talking about databases but I do have a party here to celebrate.
Yeah.
So let's see what are we talking about here.
This course has been out so far all about data in basically one table at a time kind of self-contained
basic data and nothing all that exciting and nothing very complex no data that is related but of course
in the real world all of our data or almost all of it is related.
We don't have books on a web site without also having things like reviews and customers.
And I don't know if shopping carts.
We don't have cars on their own.
We might have cars in our database but then we might have salesmen and dealerships and all the other
things that go along with it.
Or like an Instagram you don't have just photos.
We have users photos comments tags likes followings relationships.
All this stuff that's related.
So this is a turning point where we well one of the touring turning points are we start to work with
most pool tables that are connected.
So we're going to talk about how data is related and then how to implement those relations using multiple
tables and some of the buzzwords some of the big things we're talking about here are Joines foreign
keys and primary keys which you've kind of seen before one to one one to many many to many relationships
lots of stuff.
But like I said this is the first of a couple sections focusing on related data and the other thing
that you may want to celebrate is that we are done with our books done with the books data.
You can totally go burn the books if you like throw them off a cliff.
We're done with that.
We're moving on to bigger and better things inching closer to our Instagram data at the end of the course.
OK.
Have fun don't forget your party hat because I didn't.